Pass the webhook params to the backup job (#134)
crate/crate-operator: docs/source/configuration.rst

   When enabling backups for a cluster, the operator deploys a Prometheus_
   exporter to be scraped for backup metrics, and a Kubernetes CronJob that
   creates backups every defined interval. If :envvar:`WEBHOOK_URL` and
   related credentials are specified, the backup CronJob will post backup

>    creation events back to the Cloud API. This variable needs to point to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   creation events back to the webhook URL. This variable needs to point to a
```
